hello everyone my name is Mehta little
al I'm Karla fellows granddaughter and
today I'm going to be making a potato
zucchini and tomato soup
this is one of my favorite soups as it's
very light and it's very easy to make
we're first going to start by making
some vegetable stock we add five cups of
water
and then we're gonna add some vegetables
cauliflower onions carrots and cabbage
it's important to remember that you
don't have to chop these vegetables
finely and they must all be
approximately of equal proportion we're
now going to leave these vegetables to
boil for about 10 to 15 minutes our
stock is now boiled and now we are going
to strain it our stock is now ready so
let's proceed with making our soup to
make our soup we're first going to add
some olive oil and we're going to saute
finely chopped garlic for about 30
seconds we're now going to add some
onions finely chopped and saute this for
about a minute
after a minute we're now going to add
our chopped potatoes
and let this cook for about two minutes
and now comes a zucchini
once this is ready we're now going to
add our tomatoes and our stock together
so the tomatoes going first and then our
stock and we're now going to add some
salt for taste mix well and let it boil
for about 10 minutes while our soup is
boiling we're going to make a few cheese
balls to garnish our soup with what we
do is we take grated cheese we're going
to mash our cheese lightly so that it's
easier to make them into cheese balls
now that our cheese's has been mashed
we're going to make small cheese balls
out of it
so I take a little bit of cheese and I
just roll it in my farm we get a small
little cheese ball we're now going to
make more balls like this our cheese
balls are ready our soup is ready and so
just before I take it off the flame I'm
going to add some pepper stir it a bit
and now our soup is ready to serve our
soup has now been served and we're going
to garnish it with some cheese balls and
parsley so I take a few cheese balls not
too many if you don't like cheese and
just place it in the soup and lastly I'm
going to add a little piece of parsley
for decoration and so our potatoes
zucchini and tomato soup is now ready to
eat enjoy
if you enjoy our recipes click like to
see one of my recipes click yeah please
share your comments I would love to hear
them not waiting for them